0.  Is an English word that refers to a lung disease that is otherwise known as silicosis.
    It is the longest word in the English language published in a dictionary, the Oxford English Dictionary.
    
1.  getrusage() returns resource usage measures for who, which can be one of the following:

   RUSAGE_SELF
          Return resource usage statistics for the calling process, which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process.

   RUSAGE_CHILDREN
          Return  resource usage statistics for all children of the calling process that have terminated and been waited for.  These sta‐
          tistics will include the resources used by grandchildren, and further removed descendants, if all of  the  intervening  descen‐
          dants waited on their terminated children.

   RUSAGE_THREAD (since Linux 2.6.26)
          Return resource usage statistics for the calling thread.

2.  16.

3.  Because variable `a` and `b` in `calculate` function are only pointers.

4.  First thing main finction make sure there is 2 or 3 comand line arguments then make sure there is dictionary name to load it,
    if there is no dictionary name then load the default one (large.txt), if the file doesn't load then the program is stop, after load
    dictionary succefully then calculate load time and move on and load text file which is contain text to check it.
    
    After load all things the program start to get words from the text file one by one and reject all special characters except apostrophes,
    after that check the current word if it is correct or not, then if there is some errors with text file, after this if there is no errors
    the program calculate size of dictionary file and unload the dictionary if there is an error with the unload the program say that,
    if there is no errors the program calculate the unload time and print all information from benchmarks.
    
5.  Because we need to make sure there is no any special character except apostrophes so we use `fgetc` to egnore them.

6.  Because we don't need to change the value of them.

7.  First thing I use struct contains two members, boolean variable to detect is this a word or not and array of pointers to point to new locations if necessary, then I use Trie data-
    structure to load all words in memory and implement the check function as fast as possible.

8.  From the first time I got the fastest runtime and after that I can't improve my code up.

9.  I didn't any thing.

10. I feel there is some thing wrong but I can't see where to fix it but I'm very happy with my code;
